iker boxes' will have very complicated
recover the ownership recovery
his hand is on the right track there are already
some who put date even for their
return in quarterfinals of the
champions but for the statements of
karanka it seems that the saint is not going to
have easy
the career he leads is not
surprising and yes it is true that
the coming of his mother began important
in very important matches and very
difficult
for everyone with a path
this color of the eye as best as possible and
final
and if there was any doubt, there is no longer
none in the pulse for the goal
diego lopez part with advantages to
mourinho will not care about miracles
previous
nor the condition of captain of the
frictions between player and coach either
they play in favor of iker and before the
injury had lost the ownership of
understanding of adam playing whoever is
better that is the message and there it comes
in front of diego lopez his performance has
been to date more than remarkable in
Transcendental matches in league has
conceded eight goals in nine games
He could only leave a clean sheet against
the ray but has brought security
fitting somewhat in the rest in
little champions could do before comes back
that the misfortune of sergio bouquets
a shine in the transport and received the
praise of mourinho
and the definitive accolade and arrives
also from manchester sir alex
Ferguson also bets on goalkeeper
for Diego López arrived was the difference
in champions has said its stops not the
I would have made squares
so the saint will have no choice
that return to work miracles if you want
back to defend the white goal to
your favor is already used to making them